I have updated my proposal for extending UTC to dates before 1972.
The principal changes are the removal of the section on NTP and a
somewhat hand-waving justification for using atomic time before the
invention of the atomic clock.  I have also addressed the other feedback
provided here by going into more detail about the meaning of table 1,
acknowledging UTC before 1972, and proposing a name for the time scale.

I am requesting additional feedback on the revised paper.

Here is the justification for using atomic time prior to the invention of
atomic clocks:

``For a time scale to be useful for measuring events, it must be based
on some physical property that can be measured.  UTC is based on the
SI second, which is defined as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the
radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of
the ground state of the caesium 133 atom when it is at rest, with respect to
the Earth, at a temperature of 0 degrees Kelvin, and located at mean sea level.
These measurements are made continuously by national laboratories around the
world.  The data is sent to the International Bureau of Weights and Measures,
which combines the information and disseminates International Atomic Time,
upon which UTC is based.

``A time scale used for scientific measurements must be rigorously defined
and robustly measured, as International Atomic Time is.  If we try to extend
this definition backward into ancient times, we run into the problem that
there were no atomic clocks before 1955, and therefore nobody was measuring
the SI second as it is presently defined.

``However, when describing ancient events, we do not need to actually measure
time, we can instead imagine that we are measuring it.  For example, we say
that the Big Bang that marked the start of the Universe took place 13.8 billion
years ago.  In this context, ``years'' does not refer to the number of times
that the Earth has gone around the Sun since the Big Bang, because the solar
system has only been in existence for the last 4.54 billion years.
Instead, we take the present duration of a year and project it back in time,
thus imagining that we are measuring time using the year as it presently
exists.

``Similarly, we can imagine that atomic clocks have been measuring time for
the last 3,000 years, and use that as our time scale.  This imaginary time
scale does not have the precision of International Atomic Time, since
there were not, in fact, atomic clocks 3,000 years ago, but it is sufficient
for our limited purpose.

Thank you,
    John Sauter (John_Sauter@systemeyescomputerstore.com)
